So let's start with the first match. It
will be between Harden versus Toyota.
First match, lot more to go and every
single match will be a knockout match
from here on. This is the first quarter
final of the season and for the day.
Let's keep the energy high. Let's keep
pushing until every ball until the final
ball.
All set for this wonderful match. Match
of six overs.
Toyota has won the toss
and the first ball starting with the
dot.
Lot to notice
in the early part of the pitches.
Just amazing in the morning, isn't it?
Just a single run to start away with the
proceedings.
First over being bowled by Rabin Akumar
and it goes to the shot man. Perfect.
Perfect. It is gone. The first wicket is
gone.
Would you believe that? The complete
miscommunication. A fumble in the
middle. And Toyota will be happy for
this. Totally happy for this for what
has happened right now. One for one.
Would you believe the drama has begun in
the first quarterfinal of the day?
Excellent to watch that visuals.
All deserving teams are in the
quarterfinals and the energy will always
be high like this.
Beautiful.
Without disturbing the scoreboard this
time, Pravakar has to depart for
zero.
Beautiful. The throw was perfect. Wicked
keeper was tight. in fact to hurt all
those three wickets into the
catch was the call again that flies to
the third man shot third man again
coming into the action the fielding is
tight over there and overthrows that is
something that I would expect a lot
today overthrows we've seen lot of
overthrows today And
they gone for a switch in the beginning.
Something to fancy out in the very
beginning of the innings.
Very good first over. They're just
keeping up that pressure high. The
bowling team
Chandu. That will be a wide signal from
the umpire.
in the air and that will be in the gap.
Just flying towards the boundary and the
bowlers
are just confused over here with that
for now
towards the off side. The fielder did
all his best now and for that the result
will be for the boundary.
Find the first over.
Team score is 8 for one.
behind
the first over team score is 8 for one.
Um
in the air they have that fielder
production over there.
Just a single. Can we please know the
bowler name?
Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for that.
towards the back foot and [screaming]
straight away the catch is dropped.
That was a pretty easy catch, but yet
again they're okay with it. That's
desperate.
They've kept up that pressure and the
batting team is straight away facing
that. No issue on that.
towards the offside. Middle fielder
comes into action. Just a single
And he went for a loft but that will be
given a wide an extra run.
That's a good delivery. That's the
comeback delivery that he was expecting.
1.4 over 11 for one. This is 6 hours
match. No doubt on that. But again,
they're keeping tight
in the air again.
THIS time head for that. He has given it
back with the result of positiveness and
Howen lose their second wicket.
This is a bit of a risk for Hen here.
They've got their second wicket. The
Toyota are the upper hands right now.
Beautiful to watch the visuals in the
morning. They won the toss. They've
elected to ball first and they've got
the result in the power play.
Wikram just going for the shot and
wasn't able to complete it properly.
Just falls within the mid wicket and the
mid wicket without making any mistake
again. That was a bit riskier and he
just completed it without the pressure
unlike last time.
Beautiful.
That's just beautiful to watch.
Last ball of the over.
And it's called wide. There was an
appeal for out but wide signal from the
umpire. Next run added.
All the quarterfinals will be six overs
just to bring into the notice.
White signal from the umpire.
All the quarterfinal matches will be for
six overs
and that was
tried well defending but still couldn't
make it enough. Bind of two team score
is 13 for2.
by Murak.
Two wickets have got that pressure and
that is completely visible on the
scoreboard.
13 runs of the power play.
Just a quick single. That will be the
message from the dressing room. You have
to just keep pushing. It's neither three
overs, four overs match. So you can just
somehow manage it for now and take it on
in the final three overs or the two
overs.
For now it's 1442.
You have to keep this scoreboard moving
towards the offside and just to the long
fielder and he
slips with a drag because this is an
early morning. Bit of a due out there.
And this is all expected for sure.
That was bit in the air.
Umpire isn't interested as much as the
wicket keeper was.
And the call was for the catch and
it goes
boundary. The welcome boundary to ease
the pressure.
That's exactly what was required at the
moment. One boundary
in the air again to the longer fielder.
He was very good settled over there just
to pick that to single. That's good
fielding mindfulness. The fielder must
have good fielding. No doubt on that.
Last ball of the over. You have 20 on
the board.
Rohan Chandra is impressive at the
moment with two fours
and you get this vexas as a benefit.
White signal from the umpire
an extra run added. Now
if they just keep pushing harder with
the hope and keep this curve pushing
there is something fruitful in the end.
Team Ja will now just be thinking if
they can get somewhere another wicket
now
in the air and again the fielder tries
his best but somehow manages to keep it
a single. That's still a good bowling.
Three overs completed 2242. Mind of
three over team score is 2242. More
in the air for a bit and it's gone long
way away towards the fielder in the
deep. Just a single again. They've kept
that fielding tight. No doubt on that.
What's
in the air again the offside field of
the hazard protection right in place not
giving any doubles. This is a great
advantage.
beautiful
in the air for a moment
towards the hours. They have the
protection lying right in the places.
The fielding placement is perfect. No
doubt on that
3.425 for two.
Yet again, they're just negling over the
shots.
And this time they gone for the double
and they've completed. That's the
courage which is required.
Yet again, the keeper, the Toyota team
is just unhappy about it.
That is something that they're adding
the pressure on. This is something to
watch out. They're not allowing the
doubles
and Howen has suddenly started pushing
for it. That is something to watch out.
India again this time.
What a catch that is.
Excellent catch.
Yet another wicket lost.
Beautiful catch. He almost took like
almost three rolls after the catch and
was still able to complete the catch.
Beautiful.
27 for three.
Joan taking the second catch. Left the
first one and the next two were just
brilliant.
Just brilliant both the catches.
I mean this man I think takes the tough
catches and leaves the easy ones.
27 for three. Bind a four over team
score is 27 for three.
And straight away [screaming]
at another weekend,
completely dominating this time, team
Toyota. Toyota Titans are just marching
in towards that beautiful step of
positiveness
from the ball one. They've just kept
that momentum high. Beautiful.
Keep your naga does the job this time.
Beautiful to watch.
Every team is a deserving team here in
the quarterfinals and this is
unpredictable just watching the first
innings.
So let's wait if the pitch has some
turn.
Beautiful. Beautiful.
We've lost almost half a side. Four
wickets down. Your prime batsman are all
gone.
Beautiful.
Tough. This will be tough from here to
take on
27 for4.
4.3 overs.
Just 27 BS 27 runs they've scored
in the air
but there wasn't any fielder over there
and they are taking that second run and
this time
again wicket keeper wants the road to be
very quick.
Naked keepers are always here.
Last two balls remaining
this time. Wide
and
Beautiful
to watch. They're not giving that run as
well today.
Even though it's a wide, they're just
covering it off. The quality cricket is
back now
in the air.
Perfect. They have the production right
in place. The pressure keeps piling up
for now. They can only keep pushing
harder. That's it.
Jackan on strike. The new batsman yet to
face a delivery
and a quick single. They're okay with
it. Singles are definitely okay at the
moment.
Pi over 3244
by end of five over team score is 32
for4 more.
Indiana.
Just a single last over into the attack.
Last over in action.
Beautiful. Beautiful building. But if we
can restrict that to a single, no.
Get students.
35 on the board. Four volts left.
40. If we can reach 40, that will be
good.
Just another single probably this time.
Will they take the double? No. Beautiful
building. Beautiful fielding. That is
from the covers fielder from the third
man everywhere literally they've kept
that fielding very high.
India again.
A fantastic save again. This is what
happens when you are a positive side in
the stadium. That was very cime away
from the boundary and yet that did not
go.
Luck favoring
Beautiful
went for a switchet.
Just to say the third man fielder is
also
good fielder.
Now it is tough.
Here we come with the last ball
in the air. this time has to keep
running for the second and they should
be comfortable with the second. Oh. Oh,
lot of fumble. Lot of fumble.
Two runs. Okay.
I was very pleased that the batter will
reach. He tried all his best.
He literally tried all his best.
Athletism, fitness, everything comes
into play. But when you're playing once
in an around this is understandable
totally
expected obviously
39 40 is the target 40 in six overs
36 balls 41s required let's wait and
watch what's going to happen in the
second innings I said they're all
deserving teams in the quarterfinals So
we have to wait and watch. No other
option than that.
Hello. Hello.
The next match, the second quarter
finale is between prudent and basket
option. I request both the captains to
please be ready for the toss. I would
request both the captains to please come
on to the main das for the toss.
Prudent versus basket option. The second
quarter finale.
The chasing begins. Target of 40 runs.
Toyota 40.
That's of the outer edge.
A quick single.
A dot ball.
Single dot.
Rohan.
39 of 33.
Rohan Chadra. The caption.
in the air.
Adas taken.
He settles another ball and takes it
with ease. The fall of first wicket.
A very good catch from Kbakar. Settling
under the ball and taking the very
simple catch with this lose the first
wicket. One for one.
Somaya
comes in at number three with the
responsibility of studying these innings
one for one.
Oh, what a delivery this is. He has
cleaned him up.
Rohan
putting up a show here. What a good
delivery. The stumps completely
dismantled.
It's picked up.
A wicket two and two.
Two and two.
Rakkesh
the new battle.
Captain versus captain.
A lot of responsibility on both the
captains. Now
trying for a river sweeper
a run in form of a bike
and a first over two for two. What a
start this is from Rohan.
He's done exactly what the team was
needed from him. Giving up just two runs
and picking up two vital wickets. Two
runs, two wickets.
The next bowler is the one who took a
very good catch. Prabakar into the
attacker.
Two runs, two wickets.
Prabakar.
A slow one
of wide.
Three on board. Another
single.
That's the lead of the hour. They need
to keep singing.
I request a basket option captain to
please come for the toss
and basket option. Game number two, the
second quarterfinal.
I would request both the captains to
please come to the main stage. The
organizers are waiting for you for the
toss.
We'll start immediately after this match
in the air.
But our field well placed there just a
single have been very good in the field.
They put up a modest total of 40 but
they are doing well in the field to make
this 40 look like a big score.
Go number two in progress. Five for two.
Another daughter of January.
A very good bowling. One ball left in
this over.
It's just given away just three runs in
Auden doing it brilliantly in the field.
Another slow one
just pushed it to slight fumble there.
Will there be a second run? Yes, it is.
Something which is not called for
Harden. Every run is important. It was
all important. Finale over number two. 7
for two.
>> Next match. Prudent has won the toss and
elected to ball against basket option.
The third the second quarterfinal
prudent versus
basket option.
Rohan to bowl his second.
He was brilliant in his first over just
giving over and picking up couple of
wickets.
in the air.
He has cleared the ball with these four
runs. Very good shot. Much needed for
Toyota.
Raman Kumar
Edge.
to the short thirdman region. One more
run
moves on to 12
in the air. But I think this will fall
save. Yes, it does. Excellently fielded
there. Oh, he's saved three for the
team. That's brilliant fielding.
As I said, the Harden have been really
good in the field today. They're putting
their bodies behind.
Very good fielding. Definitely saving
three for the team there.
Very good shot. The W cover region.
Excellently placed
four runs.
Very good shot again. Shraan
he is the batter. He is the main stay.
Lot depends on him. Couple of boundaries
already.
A good comebacker.
Very good comeback from the captain.
Was a bit costly in this. He's already
given him a 10 in this over.
He was brilliant in his first over
in the air but a field well placed for
the shot.
Just a single end of three overs. Move
on to 18 now.
18 for two. Three overs.
22 in 18.
7.33.
Three of us. 18 runs.
require 22.
Prabakar
two was excellent just giving away five
in the air.
Falling short of the square left field
was well placed.
Just a single
score moves on to 19.
Time for a reverse. Yeah, he's placed it
well. Will that go to the boundary? Yet
is yet
for runs. Rakkesh in action now. The
captain
playing a style shot. Switch it. I think
of late this has been the most uh go to
shot for most of the batters. Switch it
or the reverse
with this boundary. The score goes to
23.
Now it is
in favor of Toya.
trying for a big one again. Uh not
making a
great contact with the bat. Just a
single with this. The score moves to 24.
16 required and 15. I think that should
be easy for the batters unless until
do something very brilliant in the
field. They need to stop the singles.
Now the batters have been easily kicking
the singles.
Both Shraan and Rakkesh doing it with
ease. Oh,
End of four almost 30 runs
required. 10 in 12 balls.
A switch.
Oh, this is something very different. A
switch to the extra cover region from
Rakkesh. Rakesh in action now.
Already a couple of boundaries. These
two batters have ped innings really
well.
Six required.
A very good batting. He's playing a
responsible lucky the captain.
Another switch. Another laundry. He is
making it a habit now.
That's two in a row and to two different
regions. One to extra cover and one to
the third man region. Oh, that is a wide
range of shots there. Two more.
Howen after the first brilliant over
these two guys have batted them out.
Very good show.
Another reverse and that's his goto shot
there. The captain Rakkesh doing bulk of
his scoring
with reverse.
The score tied now. One is all needs to
get into the semi-final being the first
team to enter the semifinals.
Yes, with this
they enter the semifinals.
What a good show this is. These two
batters both scoring 19 runs each. Very
good batting from Bakkesh and Shan
Kumar. I would request the next two
teams to please get onto the field. Very
good show.
The player of the match goes to Shraan
Kumar Ready. I will request him to
please come onto the main stage now.
Shraan Kumar ready.
So I want the entire team also to please
be present there.
And the man of the match please Shan
Kumar ready get on the main stage and
receive your man of the match award
Shraan Kumar ready
for his all round performance of 19 runs
in the match and two over 12 runs and a
wicket. It's Shraan request request
entire to team to please come in here.
>> Entire team please do come and cheer
your team player a very good show to
enter into the semi-final. The first
need to do it. Shashi. Shashi.
Shashi. Come here.
Shashi come here.
The second match. Fudent versus basket
option.
Frudent basket option.
So we head to the second quarterfinals
that will be prudent versus basket
options.
Prudent has won the toss and again
they've choose to ball. That's what is
the pattern going like
they win the toss and they choose to
ball first.
Chasings are going good.
They're quite comfortable if they pile
up the pressure in the very beginning.
Yes, it's going good.
So, we're going to wait and watch what's
going to happen in this match.
Last match, Toyota has won and they
enter the semis.
Tough luck, Harden.
But
it's the lesson for basket option just
to make sure that they keep scoring some
good score in the world. Again,
everything will be planned.
Okay, here we go with the first delivery
and straight away going for the target.
Will it be possible on the first
delivery? Maybe that that was an
aggressive approach that is seen now.
Two batsman Israel and promote
Balor Salim
straight away
boundary.
Beautiful to watch that first boundary.
Aggressive approach on rightly proud in
the front in the second ball just wasn't
possible in the first baller stay.
Salem balling his first over
and again in the air. [screaming]
Oh,
lot of things happening again in the
first over after that beautiful four. He
is gone.
First down in the third ball. 441
Israel is the batsman who has to depart
at the moment.
boundary for that again to add. You have
to just keep this scoreboard going. I
think that's the strategy and you have
to keep doing that.
Beautiful. Good start.
Loath hitting his first boundary.
Just a single run.
Last bowl of the over remaining.
Okay. Over is done.
Okay. Fine.
in the air. Shot for the fielder. Two
pitches and that will be a single now.
Over completed nine of the over. Nine
for one
over
second over.
Sorry, not his second over, the team.
Second over.
After
first team score is 941.
Every single quarterfinal match will be
six overs.
India and tough will be forielder and
marches into the
kept the scoreboard moving.
Wickets keep falling and score needs to
be moving.
Excellent balling though. Excellent
balling though after that boundary.
Beautiful comeback.
But again,
I'll give the credit to the baller.
Beautiful delivery. Beautiful delivery
on the off side of St.
Chando
bowling.
Beautiful.
They're keeping it tight boundary.
Well stark now will be settled for a
single
promote new batsman.
You watch again like opening bundach
that is well stuck a boundary.
So beautifully hit that switch it
perfect.
This was the first ball he was facing
and straight away boundary
of team score is 18 for one. Good score
on the board actually
just that they've lost.
That is exactly what you require as a
good batting unit.
Limited over. This is what it needs to
happen now.
touch.
Beautiful.
Excellent.
Switch it
from the commentary box.
Perfect
timing mistake.
Beautiful six.
Straight away pressure on the bowler.
won the six the boundary
point.
So it's just benefiting the batsman
just will be settled for a single length
but still somehow managed single.
That's how team
that is how you play the quality
cricketerving
team
and they're just proving it right away
and feels By the way, beautiful to
watch.
Excellent.
So, do
Yet again switch
beautiful
charged up light
of three over team score is 31 for one.
Beautiful batting.
Pressure on team.
Now has come the challenge.
Beautiful basket options
perfectly used
especially promod
and that is working fine for him
in a third man and that backward
Romesh bowling his first Overside
extra run. Free run.
Beautiful.
So he's successful with it but still
because they have only the point fielder
backward. So, Hagi might be still
powerful hit though.
Settle for a single.
Okay. E third man.
They've not kept that third man inside.
They're pushing it bit more squarer.
So somewhere
plan should be something different for
promot
still goes for a switch hit but
Switch it.
Beautiful six.
Perfectly what was required.
Pressure on the baller straight away
team.
They'll come for the discussion now. SW
mark on the relay.
Score is just flying high
without reaching four overs.
Beautiful batting
shot towards the left side. Long gone
field
was ready for the second but yet again
as I said lot many teams are showing
discipline feeling
let's wait what's going to happen
third
since it is Lit Beautiful
balling.
That will still add up some pressure.
Considering this to be quarterfinal,
it's not easy.
10 per if they can maintain this
throughout. Yes, you are still in a good
note. But again batting line they are
very comfortable in batting.
So
let's see what's going to happen.
Shortendo. He will be settled for a
single probably.
Beautiful
second
take on the risk. Unsuccessful. Good
running between the wickets.
If not, I'll
some good wind. No doubt on that.
boundary.
Beautiful
sweep shot towards the left side.
Backward square
almost fine luck.
So that has reached the boundary 4 to6
for one
will be a single comfort double
and
team desperately need a
restrict.
They got the third man inside. Finally
towards select side.
because of which that second run was
looking so comfortable.
in the air
and going for the second. Very good
field. Totally excellent fielding.
First team to score 50 for today. Team
50 up.
Beautiful partnership.
It's going excellent for team basket
option.
Was settling down for a single.
Loath was interested in double but
he just initially struggled
to pick up and run himself
again. They maintain 10 runs per hour
five hours.
Let's wait and watch what's going to
happen. Illa final over. And they closed
at 60
shot. But what an excellent bowling raid
over
first ball.
Take that from him.
Beautiful.
That will be a beautiful six.
Excellent batting.
Excellent batting
towards that long
sweep shot. He has played throughout and
got those runs
5741.
They're almost reaching 610 over
complete. They've got that in the board.
Excellent comeback delivery though.
Beautiful comeback delivery.
Wide
batsman is bit unsatisfied with the
empire's decision.
Last three deliveries.
This is a chance. He fancied out
everything. Nonetheless, he got that
catch. But you got to give that man a
deserving applaud.
Beautiful considering the six format
almost
innings and 36 runs by an alone batsman.
You have to deserve that applaud.
Beautiful display of padding.
Switch it.
Excellent batting.
Perfect.
That is what is required. That is what
TM expects.
Here you go.
And that's a wicket again.
He desperately needed that strike
momentally, but again they've lost
last
score.
Still two,
one left.
Beautiful
delivery.
So it's done.
Good batting. Good display of batting.
You got to deserve that.
Excellent partnership. Was beautiful.
Strong team are prudent. So anything can
happen.
the season begins.
Oh, that's the first wicket
from Earth. As you know, he's been doing
the same. He is picking up wickets for
fun since uh day one. He is their main
allrounder.
He is the leading wicket checker. is
picked up. Oh, important wicket of
Hassan departs.
Israel
over number one
chasing a big target. I think uh
yesterday the day one
Prudent were undoubtedly the best team
out of all the 16 teams.
They were clinical know
all their matches the batting the
bowling the fielding they were topnotch.
Oh that's a good shot. Uh something
which would be wanting now. That's a
boundary. Four runs.
Four runs.
almost to six in the first
First over seven for one
six overs that's close to 10 runs per
over to be more precise it is 9.33
Three.
A huge target
in the air. Will there be a chance? Do
falling agonizingly short of the
fielder.
End of first over. The score is eight.
Five of those 50 runs required rate is
10 per over. It's even Stevens still now
because have a very good batting attack.
Likewise
basket option to have been very clinical
in their performance. Two mighty teams
lo the new bowler.
Two very good teams facing off in the
quarterfinals.
from joining the field set here
square cut point one run
South A and Ranjit
I think it's very very important for
Ranjit to play a very good knock error.
He is their main stay. Lot of depends on
his batting.
These two evenly matched teams.
A very good chart. Uh
that should be a boundary here.
Yes, it does. The ball wins the race.
Four runs.
Four more runs.
Run it at the second boundary.
The score is 13.
Onto the next jump. Slight fumble in the
field. Couple more added.
Two important runs. Score goes to 15.
Another good shot. Aranj is playing the
field here. Four more runs. Boundary
with this the score moves to 19
right
third boundary in his innings he's
playing well five balls 15 runs
couple of deliveries left in this over
now they up the ante
the scoring
at the exact Act require rate.
Told you these two teams both evenly
matched.
A swing on a miss.
That's in form of a B.
One run in form of a by score moves to
Oh, that's a cash there.
Oh, that was a chance.
JC number 36 just missing out on that
vital chance there.
End of two overs. The score is 21. Going
at a rate of 10.5 per over.
Two overs, 21 runs required. 37 and 24.
Maz
swing on a miss.
Saud
open the face of the batter to their
covers region.
Another single
22 on board. 2.2 two of us
36 and 22
as I told you Ranjett is very crucial in
this st
is doing the bulk of the scoring here
six ball 15 runs
A very good shot.
Some slight uh no ball is it? Yes,
that's a no ball and a boundary. Oh,
that's a
field restriction. What a mistake they
have done.
Oh ho ho. These are basics mistakes from
basket option. They've given an extra
ball. No boundary.
That's five already on board.
He's still not got the plot. That's a
free hit ball.
He's completely lost it. He's so happy
that he caught the ball. He completely
lost it.
28 on board.
Three more in this over 30 required
at the halfway mark. We're closing the
halfway mark.
A very good shot. Will this be? No.
Is this a with
32 on board?
ball 33. Three
33 runs.
Last ball in the air. Will this player?
Yes, that's a big three.
Now Saud joins the show.
What a big hit. I think in the halfway
stage it isn't that will be the happier
side. They've got 39 on board of just
three overs.
Brilliant partnership from these two
batters
and Ranjit.
Both of them
chasing it with
very precise technique. Three overs, 39
runs, 1819.
Now something to think about for basket
option.
Will they get their best mer in? Yeah,
that's the plan. They're getting their
best bowler
from
the back into the attack. The lead
bowler,
their go-to player,
39 runs from both
Ranjit and Saud 18 balls, 19 runs. Can
promote do something. Pull this back.
Oh, very good batting. This is sensible
from Ranjit. He knows
that's the lead bowler. They're not
taking any risk with him. Now they know
the required rate. It is almost on the
ball. They don't have to do anything
fancy here. So extremely good batting.
Very good batting.
Another swing. Another boundary.
South got the jumper now. He is doing
the bulk of the scoring. Ranjit giving
him the strike. These two batters are
stitched up on our beautiful
partnership.
44 on board now.
Very good batting. 44.
14 of 16.
South Batting on 19 of 10, Ranji 21 of
nine.
These two batters are batted out. Pascal
option 146.
Is the Is there still a twist in the
plot? Let's wait and watch.
Another swing. Oh, that's mean the story
for the last couple of hours.
Now, Sa
having a show here
23 of 11 going at a strike rate of 209.
Ranjit is even better going at 233.33.
What good batting from these two chasing
a huge target as you know yesterday J1
hardly couple of matches
for the one by the team batting second.
It is most of the teams winning with the
batting first. Now it's changed in day
two.
Prudent changing it, chasing it with
ease.
3.3 48 for one.
Another swing. Another clear I guess.
Yes, he does. Oh, what a shot this is to
their best bowler promote who's been
wonderful the entire tournament is taken
for a task here.
15 of this over
four required 14 balls.
south
suddenly auntie is completely ped them
out
one away. Oh, he's missed it.
One more delivery left in this over.
Can they finish it off in style? Four
required.
Next match. ICI Lombard.
Why wall
in the air?
Oh, he's put it down.
Let's put this down. One more. Uh couple
more readed.
That's almost game sealed and done for.
Thank you.
Two more runs required. 12 balls.
Next match, ICICI Lombard versus MDH. I
require the two captains to please be
ready. MDH versus ICIC Lombard.
reverse uh white balls
the score or even Stevens uh one
required
is
resh
remains unbeaten on 36 runs. What a good
batting.
Brilliant batting this is.
They've chased this down with ease with
11 balls to spare. What a good show.
That's what I've been telling is the
team to beat in the tournament. They
have been clinical in all three
departments.
Very good match.
The man of the match for this match is
Saud
for his batting of 36 runs and 15 balls.
I will request the team and the man of
the match player to get onto the main
stage and please collect your trophy.
Saudent
and the entire team please get onto the
main stage. Very good batting. This is
36 n out 15 deliveries, three boundaries
and three sixes.
The next match is
so Damada from Prudent and the entire
team I would request them to go for the
win of the match.
Boo.
MGM.
See?
Hello sir. Winning guys.
Okay, the next match with the
proceedings. MDH has won the toss and
they will be bowling first.
Okay, first team to take the batting
today. That's bit surprising. Okay, they
will be batting first.
It's been just in practice to see that
team always picks falling but first team
to pick the batting. It's interesting.
So I'll set up the match between ICICI
Lombard versus MDH. The two top teams
again
highly deserving teams all in the
quarterfinals now
all set up for beautiful match. MDH has
won the toss and have decided to back
first again. surprising
they have a good batting lineup no doubt
on that
but
since morning chasing is always one so
there is something different that's
happening in this match let's see what
the result goes Sound.
Here
we go.
First ball again with the aggressive
approach
and takes it over in the second delivery
with boundary
on it.
That's excellent in the beginning. Every
team taking their aggressive approach.
Just a bounce over there.
White signal.
Just that delivery
singer.
Wonder
wide signal again. Extras will keep the
benefit going for the batsman always.
Last ball of the over. It's already
seven
and that should be just a single eight
of the over.
One over 840. They have a good light
batting lineup.
Anurag and Dwakar opening with that.
towards your side. Just a quick single
Quick single again
towards the mid wicket. Was up for the
second. Probably there was a second run
but still did not just to take any risk.
Good balling. Good balling. He's keeping
up that attack. It's not possible.
Good balling. There is
towards the offside and that beats the
fielder. You have to keep running for
that. And the second run is completed
comfortably. students.
in the air. Taken
first falls and the first breakthrough
for MDH.
Bit of a chopper.
Last ball of the over. It's already 12
for one. They're scoring at six per
over. Picking banning first. Would
expect something more.
Just a quick single.
Single Rened.
A left-hander sedant in now.
4 131
not did it answer there.
One ball and it is 13 for run. 13 goals,
13 runs. Dug outers waiting for the
boundary. Sixes obviously
towards the fin region. They have that
production over there. Just a single.
They're okay with the singles obviously.
ICO and Lombard team is okay with that
singles now.
And it's a neck gone.
Yet another wicket.
Not something that you win a toss, pick
up the heading and expect this to
happen.
It's gone. Diwakar Chowri is gone.
144 for two 2.3
2.3 14 for two
Russian Sharma is
tried to just cut the delivery over
there but it's not possible.
Pressure is piled up. Two wickets lost
and the upper hand now lies with team
ICICI Lombard.
It's ICIC Lombard Brokers Premier League
2025. And we have this third
quarterfinal for the day.
And it's going backwards to the third
man. Shot. Third man comes into the
action. He's okay with the single.
Quick single.
towards select side. Just a single
taken.
My end of three over team square is 16
for two.
My end of three overs team score is 16
down the leg side. That will be wide
extra.
Okay, that's a good delivery.
in the air. Oh, that was almost gone.
He's almost there if he has put out his
hands. But they're okay with it since
the damage is not being done with bat
in the air again. would have gone. That
was in the deep mid wicket. Sorry, in
the mid wicket region.
Just a single taken.
For now, it is looking tough for MDH.
They need to move on.
They've lost couple of wickets.
Oh,
it was in the air.
Okay, hit him on the leg or there
probably
just a quick single H
white signal white from the umpire. Next
we added
in the air. They have that protection
over there that comes into reaction.
Just a single. Beautiful.
Excellent.
White signal from the Empire.
Get darling.
towards the left side.
in the air. One bounce over
and it's not going over the ropes.
students
added.
Well restricted.
Very well restricted.
in the air. Gone. [screaming]
Yet another wicket.
Struggling with the bat. MDH.
MDH are completely struggling currently
with
towards select side. They have the
fielders there in the midweek region.
Just a single run.
It's completed. Five overs and the score
is
29 for four.
Five overs completed and it is 29 for
four. Last over in action.
One ball.
in the air again.
Should be just a single and they're
totally okay with it. ICS Lombard team
is totally okay for the singles right
now,
but the batting needs to be stiff for
these runs.
Again, MDH can only think of having a
proper retaliation in bowling.
Not any runs in the ball again.
Three balls remaining.
That was in the air. That was in the
air.
Quick single.
Last two balls in action.
in the air again.
Should be just a single
in the air.
Every ball is almost fancied out.
That's completed single. 34 will be the
target. 34 33 for4 is the score. 34 will
be the target for ICICI Lombac team.
Third quarterfinal, ICICI Lombard versus
Yamcha.
Likewise, the fourth semi-final of the
day will be between Pascar versus Ian. I
request both the captains to please take
note of this and be ready for the toss.
Pascar versus Yan.
The third match.
We've already seen two semi-finalist.
Toyota winning the first match, Trudand
winning the second one and into the
semi-final. The next two teams are now
fighting out for the remaining two
places. IC lumber who had a very good
bowling performance in their first
innings. They've been extremely good.
D ball to begin with.
No ball. Okay,
that's probably for the field
restriction, I guess.
No ball.
Free hit.
Therefore,
target of
Oranza.
That's a down.
Five runs. Three deliveries.
Gish.
Another extra. One more.
Hu.
Very good fielding from the bowler. A
valiant effort. They need definitely
need this.
MDH. They've got a very modest score of
34.
Another
extra. One more wide. One more to the
total.
Score is seven. Already the first over.
Short ball.
Way too short. Lot of time for the
batter there. Pulled it easily. Four
more runs. Unsure of the mark.
and a first over
score moves to four runs.
That's a very good start for ICICL
Lombard.
They've already got 12 on board chasing
a modest target of 34 runs.
another boundary. Very good shot and Shu
getting his second boundary.
One more boundary with this. The score
moves to 16.
Very good shot.
They're doing it with ease now. They had
a beautiful first session. They bowled
extremely well. Now they're backing up
with a brilliant bit of batting.
Another full toss
the stem some production there.
Now Sunny back on strike.
They're premier allrounder.
Oh, is there a chance there?
Is it the ground is what the batter is
telling?
17. They're already halfway mark in the
second over. 17 require 26 balls.
Another
cheeky single. Will there be a double
there? Yes, that's very good. Running
between the wickets. Two more to the
total.
Score moves on to 19.
End of two overs the score is 20 for the
loss of one wicket. They're doing it
with ease here. Sunonny and Anu Sharma
Sunny Bunch
Anu Sharma. Two battles doing it with
ease. Sunny the premier allrounder
who had a stellar of a day yesterday.
Two over 20
beautiful boundary for
a brilliant boundary.
But this 10 more required.
10 required. Another
quick single.
Fronti on board.
field, but just a single there.
8 runs.
Another
single
Lots of four runs.
Three runs required.
Three runs required. Three overs. Three
runs.
A brilliant shot this is.
Oh, that's Sam
with this ICI Lamar [screaming] into the
semi-finals. They win this comfortably
almost a one-sided victory. This is for
them
for
convincing victory. This is for them.
The player of the match goes to Girisha
for his bowling. Two overs, 11 runs and
two wickets.
Player of the match. Girish Hungaya two
overs, 11 runs and two wickets. IC
Lombardada
convincing victory of nine wickets with
still 17 balls remaining. That's a
one-sided victory
there. the third team into the
semi-finals. The next match is between
Pascar and
Aon. I requested two captains to be
ready. Yan and Pascar.
The two captains was required for the
tasks now.
Aan versus Pascal. The last
quarterfinal,
the one spot that is left out. Aan
versus Pascar.
The last quarterfinals of the day.
Pascar versus
Pascar winning the to selecting to field
first.
The man of the match for the previous
match it was Girish Jordan Hungaya two
overs 11 runs and two wickets
I request Pascar wonder to field first.
Please do get on to the field. Pascar
versus Aon the final quarterfinals. The
last slot that's remaining. Aon versus
Pascar.
Pascar winning a draw. directing to
field first.
Pasco versus Pascal looking to field
first.
Without wasting any time, everybody
inside the round, please vacate except
the ones who are playing right now. It
will be on versus Pascar.
Pascals have won the toss and they will
be balling first.
Expected chasings are winning. It was
only MDH who won the toss and took the
batting.
Everybody inside who's not playing this
match, please vacate. Pascers have won
the toss and they will be balling first.
Yon will be batting first. We request
your own team to please send their
batsman.
Bas team please your
That's have taken the walk-in. It will
be the last quarterfinal for the day.
Three teams have already entered the
semi-finals. This will be the fourth
team entering the semi-final.
The winners will be
the semi-finalists.
Let's see who's going to take that
position. Will it be Pascar or Yon?
based with the energy in the beginning.
Let's go watch
Krishna the strike Pravin the non-
strike the baller is Abish
let's see what's going to happen
here we
Oh, short of the first ball towards the
upside. There is no prediction over
there. Starts over the boundary. What a
magnificent start. Whistles around.
Lots of cheers for the A1 team. Starts
with the boundary.
Krishna starts with the boundary.
Quick single again.
Pyramns added to the board.
On the other hand is Pravin. Pravin on
the strike.
Excellent.
Good shout.
Umpire totally uninterested with that.
Just a quick single.
One run added.
Krishna on the strike.
Feel for it out
yet again. Given
signaling with a no.
So that will be a dot delivery. Last
ball of the over.
Nothing much other than that boundary
until now.
We have to wait for that. If he can
complete that last ball, it will be a
good over
towards the side. Just a single hand.
The direct
would have given some trouble to the
batsman Krishna.
And the first team score is 740.
in the air. [screaming]
Struggles entirely and that ball lands
over the rope. Beautiful six.
First ball of the over.
Either boundary or either six.
M strike of Krishna.
pressure.
What a magnificent batting
in the air and again towards the mid
wicket region and they're running for
the second. That should be quite
comfortable for them right now.
Two runs added plenty over already.
Still two balls left.
Quick single taken.
Last ball of the over.
Good batting. When you've lost the toss,
you're going for batting and you have
the opening score set in the first two
overs. It's looking good right now in
the moment.
And that is gone.
Just as I say, that was a magnificent
start from they've lost a wicket.
Raine has to depart.
The end of two team score is 2241
situational but again
have to take this
in the air again.
Oh, dropped by the keeper. They are too
much juggling it and they've got an
overthrow now which will not be any
costly.
Keep it at all his best but again
couldn't hold it in the end after the
second juggle.
There was a bit of fumble in the run out
as well.
Krishna on strike now.
Quick single
Oh, that was in the air and he almost
almost was there for it.
Quick single take on again. Krishna in
strike
was in the air for a moment. Oh,
what happened suddenly for that?
Krishna could have reached it over
there.
Almost looks like he gave up and Krishna
has to be part for this. This is a
costly wicket and Fazar know how
important this wicket is. This is a
costly wicket. Krishna scored 22 of 11
deliveries.
He was doing so good and suddenly has to
depart.
towards your side. They have that
production over there. Comes into the
action. Just a quick single. Good
building.
towards the outside. That has to run
between the gaps and touch.
That is excellent.
New batsman is Alvin.
Three overs is 29 for two. They've
almost got 10 per over now. 29 for two
after three overs.
Select side
quick single.
Are we shak into the attack
in the air this time and it cannot be
dropping inside ropes anymore. Sixer
Left side mid wicket.
Chendo Ali
towards the side ali swath. The fielder
has to keep chasing for it and
that somehow got stuck.
towards the boundary.
That will be four runs.
Alvin taking the responsibility
which is excellent. Right at the moment,
he kept the scoreboard moving.
It's already 4242
winning the toss. Taking the bowling and
you need to pick the wicket of Alvin
now.
Oh, that was edged.
Quick single.
Four hours completed. 4342.
Excellent.
More than 10 runs per over. 11 runs per
over basically.
Four overs. 43 for two.
And
that is in the air for some time.
That was a full toss
and no ball is not given.
Excellent.
Beautiful.
Somehow Alvin has to face most of the
deliveries.
If somebody can keep taking that score
forward, it's totally fine.
Excellent delivery. Beautiful delivery.
White signal from the umpire.
Extra run now.
Has to steal ball three deliveries.
Excellent delivery. Beautiful.
Right now it's looking tough for Sunil
to take on
Excellent delivery.
Once again this will be bit costly.
Third one fielder comes into the action.
Short third man just a single again.
Five overs 46 for2
by end of five over team score is 46 for
two.
Seven balls, eight run, 18 runs is
something that Alvin has scored and is
on the non- strikers and Sunilon strike.
Good shot. That will be a boundary. Sun
takes on this time with that boundary to
come back.
Boundary
50 up. It is 50 for two. Beautiful.
Team 50 up now. 50 for two. They've
almost got temper over still.
Again, you have to keep going this over.
You've lost only two wickets. Plenty of
batting to come. Malvin on the non-
strike end as well.
You cannot do that. It's an appeal for
out and umpire is not interested.
Good balling.
Beautiful
and [screaming] excellent. That is from
Alvin. Rightly worked.
Beautifully walked.
Some was desperate to take that single.
Yellow.
He has waited for so long. All three
deliveries are yours, sir.
Here we go.
And
so beautifully that flies off to the
boundary. And no ball has been signaled.
This is beautiful.
No four. That will be a freight delivery
now.
Will be free hit delivery for now.
Free for Alvin.
Exactly what Alvin was expecting.
Pressure will be on the baller.
Very crucial three deliveries. Score is
already 56. 56 for two. It is
very crucial three deliveries.
Beautiful.
That was a mid pitch delivery. It's a
wide. Okay, it's a wide. An extra free
continues.
Freight continues again.
The pressure. The pressure. It's all
about the pressure right now.
Beautiful.
And just a single. somehow got through
it.
The great escape
strike
in the air.
It is taken.
unfortunately lost the wicket.
And now the new batsman in
new batter to swing.
Last ball of the innings. You have to
keep running for it. And there's a
fumble. There's a mfield. Alvin is
already over there
and that hits the batsman. So two runs
are taken. 60 10 runs for over exactly
61 is the target.
643. Excellent batting from Alvin and
Krishna Krishna and Alvin two beautiful
batsmans
to 60. Excellent.
We request the captains for the first
semi-final to please come up now. It
will be ICIC Lombard versus Toyota.
I call upon captain of Toyota and ICIC
Lombard to please be near the com box
for the toss.
Toyota won the toss and they've decided
to bat first for the first semi-final.
Toyota will be batting first.
Last quarterfinal Yan versus Pascar. Y
bing for scoring 60 runs are required 61
and six overs the rate of uh
The last quarter finals.
Pascar
on scoring 60 of six overs.
Pascal requiring 61. The chasing begins
the last quarterfinal.
The chasing begins sir. First run of the
mark
61 a rate of 106.
Can a pass catch chase this done or will
it be going to defend this?
A very good bowling on
required now almost 11
But this is score goes to two.
First over in progress.
to the swing of the miss.
Another swing, another miss. Loud up,
but nothing from the umpire.
First over
very well bowling.
Moan and harsh Shafi the bowler.
Two runs
in the air.
Oh,
following safe
and a first over the score is only
three. What a brilliant over this is
from Shafi. Exactly what a team needed
for.
They bowed brilliantly yesterday night
too defending 24 runs.
Just gave 11 of three overs.
How is
repair rate 11.60 6
komesh second bowler.
Is that a big one? Yes, it is. That's
gone a mile away from the boundary. A
very good hit. Much needed for Pascar
Moan.
That's a biggie.
Very much needed after a very good old.
They're coming back now. That's a big
one now.
10.76 the record rate. 9 for zero.
Another one. Is this throwing over? Yes,
it does. Two back to back success.
Romesh Kamesha
couple of sixes from the B of Mohan.
He is being costly here. 15 early on the
board.
Another
swinger.
Is this driving all the way? Yes, IT
DOES. THAT'S ANOTHER BIGGIE. OH, what a
hit. Three in a row.
Bhan
what good hitting this is three sixes
hat trick of sixes but does the score
moves to 21
another short one or the fielder
completely misreading it is traveled
Oh,
that's a boundary. Yes, the fieldielder
completely misjudging it.
One bounce boundary. What a big over.
This is already 22 after the first over
of just three runs. 22 in this over.
the change in bowling due to an injury.
Kamehan Z is injured and is off the
fieldielder. He was very costly. Four
balls, 22 runs of this over
23 for Moan. 24 on board.
Am I the new bowler?
Couple of couple of deliveries left in
this over
That's another four overs 26 of this
over.
Pascal
in the driver's seat. Now the required
rate was close to 13 has fallen down to
7.6
29.
Another one. Another six.
32 of the over.
Four boundaries, two six four sixes and
two boundaries. 32. What a costly over.
First over three runs 32 of this over.
Mohan scoring all 32 of this over
Next bowl of provin.
Two overs, 35 runs.
White ball
moan. What a performance. 11 balls, 33
runs.
Straight back to the bowler. It's gone
to the long off region. One more run.
Mo back on the striker.
What a blazing innings. Much needed for
the team in the all important
quarterfinals.
Another swing.
Will the ball reach the fence? No, it
boundary. Boundary.
That's a boundary. Wide plus four.
Four more runs. That's five on the
board.
A chance out there
some chaotic running between the
wickets. Finally hash departs.
Oh, what a good catcher.
Another wicket goes down. 46 for two.
Over number four in progress.
Record 15. Three overs. 17 balls. 15
runs.
Still making the match out of it. But
the set bass still there. No one.
Gen.
Oh, he's cleaned him up.
Still putting up a fight here. Shafi the
lead bowler picked up another one.
15 of 16
required. 14
15 deliveries.
14 and 14.
14 on 14. Shafi pulling it past. He's
still putting up a fight for Aon.
14 balls, 14 runs.
Full on the next stamp.
Will there be a No, there's just a
single there. 13 was 13 runs.
Aryant and Moan. But the set batsman Mo
still there batting on 37.
ready to to the long on region. Very
good fielding. Just a single there.
Very good over from Shafi. He's pulled
it back for the team here. But it's 12
balls, 12 runs.
Still any side can win this. Oh, cricket
is a funny game. You can't say until the
last run is scored or the last ball is
bowled. Four balls, 12 runs required.
Province,
four runs.
Four balls, four runs.
W it couple of water deliveries.
Will there be a boundary? Yes, it is.
A crucial boundary.
Four runs.
Eight required. Now the line boundary
takes all the pressure of the batters.
Hand scoring this boundary.
Eight required.
Another
single.
That's all the need of the AR now. A
boundary and a single.
Seven more deliveries.
The singles and doubles will will all do
it. But uh the striker is Moan, the one
who changed the game in the second over
of the match.
A slow delivery but way too
white ball
six required. Now
the next match is between IC Lombard.
The first of the semi-finals. Bot
traveled all the way. Mohan finishes off
in style. What a good batting 43.
43 runs
just of 17 balls. He finishes off in
style. Bas,
the man of the match for the next for
this match is
Moan. The player of the match. I would
request moan to please go near the main
stage and correct his man of the match
award along with his entire team
who 18 runs and one wicket on the in
batting 43 of 17 two fours and five big
sixes
mohan for the man of the match
into the semi-final now the first
semi-final Toyota Sir
ICICI Lumbard
the semi-finals will be 8 over please
note both the teams
Organizer, we would request you to
please confirm the roles here.
So it will be eight hours match for the
semi-final. Toyota have won the toss and
they'll be batting first. Two hours of
power play. Minimum four bowlers has to
bowl. One bowler can bowl maximum of two
overs.
One bowler can bowl maximum of two
Minimum four bowlers has to bowl.
It will be ICICI Lombard versus
team Toyota.
Toyota won the toss and they will be
batting first.
It will be the first semifinal for the
day and for ICIC Lombard Brokers Premier
League 2025.
Here we go. The first delivery of the
semi-final
in the air and should be in the gap.
It's only to spectate that one for added
to that beautiful
first delivery.
That's gone backwards and again
with lots of confusion they've decided
to go for second one and again
so beautifully being done
with the two runs
almost to fuller And
first three balls have gone for six
runs.
Batting is gappe
towards the left side is running the
first run with a harder
more harder for the second run and quite
comfortable while completing
two runs conceded.
Last ball pending
singan.
Seven runs of four deliveries
in gap. Good delivery. That was to
complete the over. First over 9 for
zero.
second over into the attack. Sean
towards the left side
running first run harder and settle for
a single
10 runs have come and the 1.1 overs
going right at the moment without any
fall of wicket. it
towards select side.
Just a single run.
towards the left side on the leg
strength. The delivery was on the leg
stump.
So there rolling on with the ball in the
leg side.
That's just missing it.
They've got that production in backwards
square leg.
Going towards the left side.
Somehow stuck with the leg
single conceded.
Okay,
that's select by.
Beautiful. That's a good delivery.
Last ball of the over.
It is 1140.
Beautiful.
Two hours completed. 1140.
third over into the attack.
Just a quick single. One run taken.
in the air. Taken.
The first wicket is gone.
Singaram is gone.
2.2 in two overs 12 for one
in the air and again it flies off to the
mid wicket region and it's a boundary
welcome boundary for
Manu
beautifully stuck that to the mid wicket
and it was a running and racing to the
boundary Hey,
excellent delivery. Beautiful delivery.
That's a good comeback to after that one
boundary
once again that delivery almost fuller
towards your length going beautiful at
the moment.
It's eight over match. This is still
third over. Lot more to go.
The format has now been widened than
what we were seeing earlier.
In the air,
one to the failure. Just a single
conceded.
Third over completed 17 for one. W of
three team score is 17 for one.
Just a single considered.
towards the left side straightly to the
fieldielder. Dropped
single again conceded
Good delivery. That was a good delivery.
It's a door delivery
in the air and again
towards the forward square leg almost
and the confusion for the second round
somehow
gets saved there with the proper
communication.
Okay, that was edged but did not carry
to the keeper.
Last two deliveries.
Oh, that was a catch wing dropped by the
wicket keeper and he was very eager to
have that run out quickly. That was very
mindful but again he did not get
succeeded with that as well.
Last ball of the over. That's 22 for
one.
It's going backwards. And that should be
Oh. Oh,
that literally was cm away from the
boundary. and lack favored team icon
by end of four over steam score is 24
for one
by four over steam score is 24 for one
it will be the final four overs the
first half is done we have a small
strategic timeout Oh,
India doesn't collect to the fielder and
it has gone to the boundary.
Boundary for Guppe
4.1 overs 2841 and first ball to start
with the boundary with some confidence
that's gone to third man shot third man
and just a single
And that's dot delivery.
Write down the leg side an extra. Oh,
Quick single
and feel the fumbles for a moment but
still not any costly for that.
Just a single with that.
Appeal for an out. Wicket keep for catch
but not given.
Fire overs completed. 33 for1 by defa
team score is 33 for1
gap with 13 runs of 11 balls and Manu
with 10 runs from nine balls.
They've lost a wicket but somehow has
stuck their end. It's eight overs match.
So there is still three overs.
Final three overs.
That will be white down the left side.
Next run.
towards the left side. The ball is just
running towards the square leg.
Just a single run.
towards the offside but they have that
production over there in the point.
Single conceded
reversal side in the air. Oh, what an
excellent catch that was to complete.
That fielder has to cover few meters
towards his left and beautifully takes
it in the air.
Second wicket is gone.
Right when they started to charge it and
in the final three overs it is gone.
3642.
Manu is gone.
Not any answer there.
That's 5.3 overs.
appealing for the keeper catch, but
that's not given by the umpire
in the air. [screaming]
One bounce into the ropes boundary
for runs.
Just the boundary to keep going.
Last ball of the over
attacks it on the off side. They have
their production over there on the long
go [screaming] and the run out is not
possible.
So right now it is going
good with both the teams. Six overs 43
42 final two overs.
It is final two overs.
Lost two overs for the day for team
Toyota.
India again towards the square leg.
Quick single.
So on strike
in the air this time flying off to the
fielder.
In the opposite end is the trouble.
Grapp was eager to get the run
but somehow
got back to the squeeze.
In the end, it was a short turn and
keeper is eager for it. But fielder
lifts the ball for a moment and conceds
an extra run.
going for the double run and gets it
comfortably. You're running between the
wickets. Being mindful and running
between the wickets
6.4 and 49 for two. Last two deliveries.
in the air.
One bounce over the ropes boundary
for
Excellent.
Got to complete the over.
Seven overs complete at 53 for two. By
end of seven overs, team score is 53
for2.
Somaya scoring seven runs of four
deliveries. on the other hand is gap who
has scored 23 of 17.
Two force in his part.
India again
and that is so beautifully
delivered over there to the boundary for
signaled by the umpire.
57 is the score. First delivery to start
with the four.
Excellent running straight to the
fielder. We'll take the second run.
Oh, that's it. Hard to the hands of the
baller. We'll go for the second run. No
doubt on that. But Ber looks okay for
the moment.
It's very hard. It's not easy.
It's wicky ball
and you obviously get hurt.
in the air
to the covers region. He's going for the
second run. No
guppy settles. And
here we go to see the final two
deliveries.
towards
select side.
Probably just a single
and that's given.
That's given out.
So that completes the innings. Eight
overs. 62 for three. 63 will be the
target. 63
and 48 deliveries.
batsman walk in.
Tiger of 63 runs in eight overs. Uh
almost eight runs per over. I request
the two batters to get onto the ground
please.
A target of 63 and eight overs. ICI ICI
Lombard. The winner of this match goes
straight into the grand finals.
Toyota versus
Toyota versus ICICI Lombard
63.
The two batters
from ICICI
walking in
the first of the semi-finals.
I'm going to keep going.
up and running. First ball of the edge
onto the square leg region for a single.
Done. Done. Done.
Anu Shashi
in the air.
Oh, it's falling short of the field. He
gets a lifeline there.
Another
single
Oh, that's a stranger Home runs.
A very good shot from Anu.
The score goes to seven in the first
over.
Chasing a target of
63. That's close to eight runs per over.
They go at a rate of 8.4.
A white ball.
One more total score moves on to nine.
Who moves on to eight
swing on a miss
end of first over the score is eight.
Exactly going according to the planner.
a required rate of 8 per hour and
they've started with eight
the second over. Mjunath Singh
is sad with the wide another extra.
These are going to be very costly for
Toyota.
They need to be a lot more disciplined
in their bowling and the fielding.
Raari
in the air.
A beautiful shot. This is
Shashi
now into the attacker. What a good shot.
Four runs.
Four more runs.
A swing on a miss.
Second over in progress. So score 13.
Attack of 63 runs. 50 more.
Another
run duck to the square leg region for a
single
One more single.
I think both the teams happy to let go
of the singles.
15 one to go in the over.
15 runs.
Okay. Glow work but safe. End of two
overs. Score 15 runs.
Matt still even Stevens for both the
teams now evenly balanced
two overs 15 runs at this stage the
board teams will be happy with this
Lumbard not losing any wickets
not giving much
couple of next couple of very crucial
for both the teams
current 188.0 Zero required under 7.5.
That's almost even Stevens.
Shan
the man of the match in the previous
match.
Oh, what a try that is. What a valiant
effort.
But that's a great hit.
Unshu.
What a good hit. But what a try on the
boundary there.
A short ball
of the leading edge but very well
fielded from the third man. A short
third man fielder.
He saved a couple of runs there for
shot.
The score goes to 22.
Good come back.
Do the need for
now
because Lombard is playing it safe.
They're going according to the plan
again. Very well. Bas chance there.
Couple of rotted deliveries. Good come
back
from Shraan Kumar.
Another short ball. Another edge
for the third man fielder being very
sharp. Just giving a single there.
2.5.
A very good ball. He ends with a D ball.
Still a decent over. First ball is going
for a six, but he's pulled it back. Just
given him a two after that. End of three
overs.
The score is uh
23.
So
five over 40 runs eight per hour.
As I told you, this is still 50/50
equally poised.
a very good single. One more one.
white ball.
out of edge. One run
27.
28 point is over.
Still evenly poised.
Well, that's a white ball.
But the third man fielder is doing a
brilliant job. 1 + 1, just two runs.
Very good feeling to third man.
in the air. Feel it. Oh, he's taken it
up. What a good catch this is. The first
wicket goes down now. 30.
What a good catch. First wicket down.
Four over 30 for one.
Four overs 341 33 required
the midway mark both the teams being
happy here
again onto the next turn for a single
Shashi
now Sunonny
That premier allrounder Sunny on strike.
Will the ball win the race? No, it
doesn't.
Chance for a run out. Yo, what a
collapse. The total chaotic running
there.
Sunny Debars
not needed for ICIC Lombard. They never
wanted this.
He was their main batter.
There's some confusion in running
between the wickets. That was an easy
two runs but he's thrown away his
wicket. What a crucial wicket this is
for Toyota
Sunny. The aggressive batter is out.
Sunny out.
Say the new batter.
Another single.
33.
This has been a very good over.
Another single.
34.
29 runs.
20 balls. 29 runs.
White ball. One to the extras.
The required rate slightly getting high
now. It was 7.5 1.5. Now it's 8.4.
Oh, put it down.
You had all the time in the world. Put
this put it down.
A gurva very good ball end of five overs
36 runs
27. Now the run rate which was 7.4 at
one time has moved up to nine runs per
over.
Three overs, 27 runs.
Oh, it's a misfield runs much needed
from the bat of can
the run rate had gone up to nine now
he's got a boundary now
required 23 17 balls
23 runs Another
short ball.
It's completely mistimed it.
16 balls, 23 runs.
Still anybody's game here.
Another mist is the repeat.
Another boundary.
That's a no ball to
completely now water are missing the
plot here.
They've got lot of runs.
So, it's a free ball. You cannot switch
the fielders. Please make a note of it
or it's going to be another low ball.
You cannot switch the position nor the
fielders.
Oh, free ball has missed it. An
opportunity missed here.
18 required
15 15 balls.
15 balls, 18 runs.
Onto the next jump.
Just a single
score goes to 47. Now 16 required. 14 16
14 B 16 runs. A costly over
another misfielder.
Another boundary. That's been the story
of this over. [screaming] Three
misfields, three boundaries. Nothing to
blame the bowler. It's completely the
fielding has gone for a toss in this
over
now required 12
from 13 balls. Complete chaotic fielding
in this over.
A good hitter. Will there be a couple of
runs?
Yes, it is. Two more to the table.
With this the score moves to 53 required
17 of this over that's because of the
fielding they misfielded three
boundaries
so 10 required 12 balls.
in the air. [screaming]
Oh, he's taken a GOOD ONE. NOW FINALLY
the fielders
supporting the bowlers. Much needed for
very very crucial
or much needed for them. A very good
catch.
So required 10 11
The next match is between Prudent and
Pascar. The second semi-finals. I
request both the captains to please be
ready with your teams.
Pascar versus Pudent.
A very good shot. Sensible batting now.
Nothing fancy needed. Singles and
doubles will do the
Striker better name him.
Evian.
New battery.
58.
The score is 58.
Six balls, five runs.
six balls, five runs.
It's come down to the wire.
No, take shot. Run shot.
Last
Five runs.
six balls, five runs. Rakkesh to pull
the last over.
A fumble there, but still a single.
Five balls, four ons.
Roger.
Four of four.
Four balls. Four runs.
Another
single. Three on three.
Three balls. Three runs.
Oh, that was agonizingly close.
Anything could have happened on that
ball. Two walls, two runs. And I'll bite
her now. Much needed for this
tournament. The first semi-final. Two
balls, two runs.
one ball, one run. All three
possibilities are there.
IC Lombard win, a toy win, and the
umpire's favorite.
All three,
all three possibilities.
Raka
playing all the tricks.
OH, THAT'S A SWEET. WHAT AN ANTICLIMAX.
FINALLY, he threw his legs after all the
drama. [screaming]
It's finally anticlimax that ends the
match. I see ICI Lombard.
IC Lumbard the first team to enter the
semi-finals
finals win the first semi-finals and
enter the finals and the two umpires
happily walking off the ground
all their prayers worked they made sure
that it's not a super over
the next match Sir
the third place match two please uh
third or take a note of this a four
match for the third place is in place
there's a third place match two of your
matcher
The man of the match
is Syan. 11 runs and a wicket in his
bowling. Sahan Sahan Saha. His all round
performances in the semi-final
making him the man of the match of the
first semi-final.
the next match.
Hello. Hello.
Pascal versus
the second semi-final. I would request
both the teams to please enter the
ground. Please do cooperate with us. We
have an extra match, a third place match
too. So please do cooperate with us.
Enter
one. The door selected two field first.
selected
to field first.
I would request the two teams
Let's start with the second semifinal
for the day. First one being won by
ICICI Long
and second one
is right in front of us now.
Prudent versus Pascar
and
cross is one by Prudent and they've
opted to ball first.
So [snorts]
here we start with the second
semi-final. Baser versus prudent. It's
all set. The toss is won by prudent and
they've opted at the ball. Romesh is the
baller. Harian strike.
Beautiful delivery. That was maybe that
was a generated chance. Unfortunately
missed
towards the left side forward square
Thank
single to Start with the proceedings.
Excellent.
The pace you see there is so beautiful
to watch.
in the air taken. [screaming]
He's gone in the fourth bowl of the
innings.
in the air.
Oh, dropped that catch. That was in the
mid wicket region. You don't expect such
things from a team like
but unfortunately luck favors in towards
the passer
Wide signal from the umpire
again. Divide signal from the umpire.
Yet again, white signal
in the air should be taken. This should
be taken.
Karthik takes an easy catch.
Balor is Karthik. New batsman is Adita.
There's no run for that
fil
so beautifully stuck.
and he missed it. Throw was good. The
keeper didn't collect it and
unfortunately have to give the two runs.
But well fielded again in the deep by
the long onfielder. Sorry, long offer.
in the air again. There's no fielder in
the deep that has to roll on to the
boundary.
What can
just a single
H goes for a small cat and that's not
possible at this time.
in the air [screaming]
and they're running for the second. Oh,
no risk been taken this time.
End of two hours 1342. By end of two
hours, team score is 1342.
They've lost two wickets. That's a bit
of tension. And few catches dropped as
well. So somewhere Prudent has the upper
hand right now.
And as long as H is there on the strike,
Pascar wouldn't have to worry about
this. It's an eight overs match. Six
long overs to go. And Harsh stays long.
You're always in a good position.
And he appeals to the wide but doesn't
get
And that was probably a nick. Well
fielded. Well fielded. Very well
fielded. Quick single.
Good balling. Very good balling.
Just the quality that the prudent has
exhibit
towards the left side.
Yeah.
Do it.
No, they're not running for it.
Balor in complete control.
Two wickets for nine runs.
India again.
Just a single
Excellent.
Beautiful delivery.
They're just going slow at the moment.
And he goes for the biggie. And that is
caught as well
towards the
mid wicket.
So beautifully being done.
New batsman Daniel
Hurst is there on the other end.
3.2 over 19 for three in the air.
That cannot be one of the catches. And
you have to just watch it sail over the
ropes. A sixer.
So beautiful hit. The first ball is
given that signal that I'm here
to watch the long off. Just a single
some fight to watch on Daniel Hurla
strength pass.
So we're going to wait and watch
this time. Hush
swirling his bat around for the final
league regionally.
Couldn't get it.
Just a quick single
and that's his key. Well, good running
between the wickets. Totally good
running between the wickets.
Excellent.
Beautiful delivery.
in the air again. Oh, [screaming]
just a miss.
Had to lean forward for the catch, but
couldn't get that in the end.
Right now her strategy very simple just
keep pushing for singles or doubles
probably Daniel attack
you have to just wait and
Excellent
world delivery.
beautiful.
Just a single
Excellent delivery. Beautiful delivery.
Last three overs into the action.
The fight is on. Daniel Hersian strike
White signal from the Empire.
White signal from the upper.
in the air. [screaming]
Easily uncomfortably taken. That's a
great wicket of Daniel.
Daniel has to depart.
Alo the fielder does it for
Mother
Mother of Chandinal.
towards the fine leg.
in the air and it's going in the gap
right now. Boundary
backward square leg. The ball was bit
short. He just pulled it off towards the
backward square leg.
Beautiful display of batting.
Chand
back to back boundaries.
Boundary there.
underneath it.
SIX. [snorts]
Plenty in this over 20 runs
and 50
team 50 up.
ballerette
in there. [screaming]
Oh my goodness.
Just in the com box. It was just looking
like
but unfortunately no.
and pitch
ball 90°.
Beautiful.
Wicket keeper is calling for it.
And wicket keeper takes it so
beautifully.
But keeper
beautifully takes it
and
has to depart is the man Abishek
New batsman is
a
and straight away into the wickets.
6.4 54 46 they're falling apart.
Horseshoe came in the opening has just
stayed in the one end
but now is the time to shine out on set.
You have only
uh eight deliveries left
in the AIR TO THE FIELDER STRAIGHTLY
and it's a hat-tick for the bowler.
It's hattrick for the baller.
Back to back crickets.
The first hattick of the tournament.
Beautiful.
One more delivery left.
towards the short third man.
Just a single
team score is 55 for seven.
So last over.
It will be tough.
H will need the strike. That is for
sure.
towards the final and it's going
just a single. Obviously, H will need
the strike, but he this time goes for
that Can
towards select side along Wally
and H wants the second run but Abishek
denied for it.
Strike for Hers.
Last four deliveries.
Excellent. Beautiful delivery.
Karthik doing the job. Last three
deliveries.
And that should be
quick single there. But
by signal from the umpire
There was a final and he has put that in
the gap. Probably that will go for a few
inches. That's it. The second run is
taken.
61.
Last delivery
of the semifinal
innings one.
Just a quick single maybe. Okay. 62. 63
is the target.
Same 63 target was given in the last
match
by team Toyota. So 63 is chased already
by team ICIC Lombard. So Prudent has
some hopes obviously and Pascar has the
job to do with a good bowling.
We'll take some break.
Second semi-final
chasing the begins.
Pascal.
Six runs.
A very good shot.
Hassan.
That's of the outer edge. One more run.
Eight runs.
101. Nine runs.
That's a very good start. 63 on board.
That's close to eight runs per over.
They started well, prudent. I think as
all the teams are watching them, they
are the team to beat.
They have come good in all three
departments.
They have a very balanced side.
In the air.
In the air. Ah.
May I know the field's name please?
Adit taking a good catcher.
A very good wicket.
The run scorer
all
the next batter is Ranjit.
Free all round for Ranjit.
Oh, what a good shot this is.
What a good shot.
A brilliant effort from Hush, but he
couldn't save the boundary.
Four runs 13 on board.
Another good shot. Oh, this is even
better. [screaming]
Let's clear the walls with ease. What a
good shot, Renjit. That's a sound. Very
good cut over the point region. One of
the sty shots in cricket. Cut over the
point region for a huge six.
Very good shot.
Way too high. That's called a wide.
Way too high. And one for the over two
done.
One for the
Oh, what a good shot. This guy is really
strong. The score of the region.
Beautiful batting. Ranjit.
Slight change in the field.
Loud up and nothing from the umpire.
That's still a D delivery.
One more to come. 21.
A quick single
French 202 on board after two overs of
11 per
two
runs.
Thank you. Thank you. Shi
22 runs.
The next match will be for the third
place.
The loser of this match will be playing
Toyota.
for
salt.
Another
hit. Another boundary. That's been the
story of the innings. They're getting
boundaries for fun now. Couple more in
this over.
The score moves on to 30.
They're almost halfway mark.
Very good batting.
The most balanced team of the
tournament. The team to beat. Prudent.
Another short ball. But he didn't made
it cleanly.
Just a single.
31.
trying to cut over the point region off
the edge. No runs.
31 for one.
Oh, what a good shot. This is just stand
and admire
a lofted drive over the extra color
region for a six. I think this has to be
one of the finest shots in cricketer.
You just need to admire a batsman who's
playing with this quality.
Nothing wrong with the bowler. Nothing
wrong with the ball there. It's top
class batting.
Excellenting shot.
Amazingly good.
What a shot this is. You just need to
admire the batsman of this caliber.
Oh, this is sensible cricket.
Brilliant batting. This is the song. The
basics have been really good from
Ranjit.
End of three. It's already 38. Getting
almost 12.66 per over.
Required rate now coming down to five.
Five owners, 25 runs.
30 balls, 25 runs.
The next bowler hush.
A lot depends on this over for Pasc to
get back into the matcher.
Need of wickets. Early we catch the need
now.
Hush the new bowler 38
25 in five.
Oh, it
hers got the wicket of Ranjit. But
Ranjetta Zi
down enough damage scoring 18 of just
six deliveries.
Ait is the one who took the catch.
Thank you. Thank you.
Ajit,
the new batcher.
Oh, organizing it close to the catcher.
Almost a wicket there. If Pascar have
some chance, it has to be hush.
He needs to have a brilliant over to
pull them back into the game.
Currently it's
prudent
a white ball.
Very good over
India.
6 months
a
score almost to 45.
That's of the edge. Another single
with this. The score moves to 46. Now
17 more runs.
What a hit. Oh, that's s the bounds for
six runs in his favorite area. That's a
deep back square region
six.
A brilliant hit. This is four overs 52
runs.
11 runs required. Four overs.
Bye. Ali,
53 runs.
a swinger but landed safely in between
the two fielders just for a single
with this uh the required runs uh comes
down to single digit nine required now
bike coming to outside is
goodbye.
One for the over
Moan.
Okay. Continually.
>> Oh, what a shot. This is
off the back foot over extra cover. Wide
long off. What a shot. This is
brilliant.
The score moves to most a very favorite
number to most of the guys here. 60
a lot of favorite number for a lot of
the guys over here. 60.
Three more ones required.
Freedoms.
That's a boundary with this
the end the match. What a chase this is.
>> Congratulations.
>> A target of 63 been chased down in 5.1
overs
and won by eight winners. Congrats
on
the player of the match goes to
undoubtedly
the premier allrounder
Ranjit. Two overs, seven runs and three
wickets and 18 of seven balls. He's
putting on a show here. I would request
Ranjit and the entire team to please go
near the main stage to collect your man
of the match. Student, your teammates
and Mr. Ranjit, the man of the match,
please go to the main stage to receive
the man of the match.
B.
Hello. Hello.
The third place match immediately we are
starting the two teams the pass and I
request both the teams please be ready
we're starting in couple of minutes
a four over match
third elected to field first I would
request the pass openers to please get
onto the field. Like my starter, please
get onto the field.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
I would request to both the teams to
please get on the field. Do cooperate
with us. Toyota
you you're elected to field first please
get onto the field sir
Toyota
please get onto the field now likewise
pass openers
request Toyota to please get onto the
field we running short of time this is
an extra match The
heat.
Champo.
Don't
combo.
Bye. Come to outside.
Okay, good.
P Respect
respect.
Hello. Hello.
So here we start with the third position
match that is between Pascar and Toyota.
Mixing one taken.
Galendo
hold outside. That should be sixer.
Boundary. Boundary signal by the umpire.
You got some wicket.
Dash please outside. SP
India again
over the rope boundaries again reigning
boundaries no pressure for both the
teams
they'll play all their strength out.
Oh, you go under there. Six.
Sorry for
Oh, you did go under
to the six.
So
that's a magnificent sixer outside the
ropes.
So beautifully hit. One over 23 4. Why
didn't we see the since yesterday? Why
not since yesterday?
So every team was playing under pressure
is it?
One over 23 4 everything by moan 22 by
moan. Four fours and one six.
in the air for a few moments.
And just a quick run.
One quick run going for the second one
for sure. And Hush
himself says stay
in the air towards the oxide. That
should run to the boundary for runs.
Should
be cleanly taken. Should be cleanly
taken. No doubt on that. H departs.
Thank you H for all the entertainment
with one four in his board has to depart
after lots of entertainment.
India again
should be
six.
Wind of two. Team score is 3541.
Ber provin
in the air
and dropped.
towards the mid wicket.
Just a single one done
in the air again.
should go on [screaming]
until
it reaches the nets. Sixer
Single one.
India again
outside the ropes.
Bery
by Empire.
India again.
Six was just missed
and just into the hands of the fielder.
So they're just dancing out every single
delivery.
Hit out or get out and just keep
scaring. And look at that scoreboard.
Three over 48 for two.
in the air again.
Ran so far for it yet couldn't get it.
towards the final leg that will run to
the boundary for runs. Lot of
entertainment. Nobody to cheer around.
India again
should go away. Sixer
already 60. It is 3.3 overs.
Thank god they gave it only four overs
for this match.
You're on 43, Moan. You have three BS
left. Seven runs for your 50. Make a
history
in the air.
Go for the second.
And this time it goes to the fielder.
Daniel couldn't change the scoreboard,
but thank you. Thanks Daniel. Thanks for
the entertainment. That was really
great.
One final deliver where he goes behind.
One, two, no two. Okay. Okay. Runs for
the second run out happens. Everything
happened in the last delivery.
Okay. It is 62. 6243.
4 hours completed. Thank you. Thanks for
the entertainment moan. 44 of 13
deliveries only. That is probably the
highest score of the tournament until
now. 44 runs just six runs short of 50.
Many teams have not scored 50. Many
teams have not even scored 25. That's a
different story. But you've scored 44 of
13 without any pressure. Beautiful.
umpires please to stay there and we do
have pause for the final and the final
will be played between ICICI Lombard
versus
so we need Frant and ICIC Lombard
captain
We need captains of the final ICICI
Lombard and
so let's wait for the toss
toss from the center
the organiz izes the cup going to the
center. We have come to the final
almost the final session of the play and
we are starting with the toss for the
final.
Toyota team please be ready with your
batsman.
Check
check
check.
Check check.
It's time for us.
Sunny has the coin
head call
it.
So ICIC Lombad won the toss and they
will bat first.
That's the news from the center. ICIC
Lombard has won the toss and they will
be batting first.
So we have Toyota matchments
entering
and
on the other hand
we have
Pascar's enjoying over
played their heart out in the last
match. Now here to defend that 63 runs.
Let's see which was the best batting
side. Will it be Toyota?
Can Toyota beat that 63?
I mean 62. 63 will be the target.
Just four overs.
The score 62.
white ball.
One for the over a target of 63.
in the air. Straight on the throat.
Wicket number one
goes down.
Hush
taking a very good catch. Wicket number
one goes down.
One for one.
Oh, that's a lot of judging. Finally, he
settles on it. Move on.
put on.
One more wicket gone. One runs, two
wickets. [snorts] Over number one in
progress.
Why?
That ball joy over
just three of the first over with two
wickets down.
Three over 60 required. That's a huge
task.
Very good effort in the field. Saving
two more runs with this. The score moves
to five.
We're going to
White ball.
Second over in progress. Seven for two.
Fore
11.
End of two overs, 11 runs, two wickets.
white ball
is the score moves to 12. Over number
three in progress. Adit
two overs
51 runs.
Let's
clean him up.
The bees flying. One more goes down.
A very good fielding. Definitely seeing
three runs for his team there.
Bas
reaches the fence for runs off the
inside edge.
Fourth ball to the batter.
over number three in progress.
We give straight to Harsha. Another good
catcher.
Very good catch
HA.
Next batter to capture Rakkesh.
White ball
18.
19 for four.
Last four deliveries. The score moves on
to 20
in the air.
Another good feeling from Hush.
This match is becoming a one-sided
affair.
Pascara.
Four more.
26 runs.
The man of
the man of the match goes to Wuhan for
his wonderful batting. Undoubtedly it
was moan.
Brilliant bater.
Oh, congratulations to Pascal. They are
the runnerups of this tournament.
ICAC, Lombardo, Rockers, Premier Liga,
Rena,
Pascal.
Oh,
the all important.
I see I say I put won the toss. I see I
say Lombard won the toss and directed to
B first. I would request the team to
please get onto the field a 10 overs
match
three overs of power play and the most
important thing is the bowling limit.
Only one bowler gets to bowl two overs.
So you need to give minimum five bowlers
in this match. This is the call from the
organizers. Five bowlers have to bowl
two each maximum of two overs per
bowler.
ICIC Lombard brokers Premier League. The
finals is between ICIC Lombard versus
Prudent.
ICIC winning the toss and electing to
bat first.
Groundsman Anand.
Groundsman Island
marking
marking. What?
So dream prudent I'm waiting sir we all
waiting for you sir team prudent so
please do line up
I would request to both the teams to
please line up
the national anthem is being played now
I would want all the players
I would want All the players and the
spectators to please uh stand up for the
national anthem and the two teams please
line up prudent
team and ICIC Lombard
both the teams please do line up for the
national anthem.
I would request both the teams
please do line up sir. We are running
short.
Both the teams
the organizers are waiting for you sir.
Please do cooperate with us.
I would request both the teams to please
line up.
>> [music]
>> Request
both the teams to please line up.
So they were playing okay the national
anthem. Ranjit sir please do join your
team. All the rest of the guys who are
there please do stand up for the
national anthem.
You're playing in 5 4 3 2 1. Thank you.
[music]
Heat. [music]
Heat.
[music]
Yeah.
[music and singing]
[music]
HEAT.
NOTIFICATION.
That's a wonderful site. Both the teams
standing next to each other. I see IC
Lombard and prudent
to
finalist.
Few minutes ago we had the all important
toss ICIC Lombard winning this and
electing to. But first
a turnover game. Please do cap both the
captains take a note of this. A 10 over
game. Three overs of power play.
Two overs of three overs of poor play.
after all the energy for two days, we've
come to the final session of this
tournament. ICIC Lumbard Brokers Premier
League 2025, the final match and we are
all set to begin.
Cross being won by ICIC Lombard team
themselves and they have elected to bat
first. On the other hand, Prudent are
all energized. They've strategized and
walking in.
What a excellent sighting this will be.
It's almost
five. 3 minutes left for five and we are
starting the proceedings for the final
match. The pink versus orange. Who's
going to win that?
The countdown has begun. Every single
moment, every single move of yours
matters. So, keep your hands on that
beautiful cup.
Let's see who's going to win that.
Both deserving teams are in the final
and the fight will be on for sure.
Please fasten your seat belts. There
will be lot of entertainment, drama,
sportsmanship,
the character,
athleticism,
aggression,
heroism, everything that you will be
witnessing in next one at least. This
will be 10 overs match and we're all set
to begin.
Yes, we're all set for this beautiful
match.
First over to be ball by Salib Shashi
and
Shu are the two batsman.
Shashi on strike. Sun balling to Shashi.
They've not brought in Romesh this time
for the first over. Here we go with the
first delivery of the final match.
Just a clear defense to get a single.
Quick single. One run added.
Almost a fuller length that just came
pitching towards the Yorker.
Not any runs. This will be turnovers
match. So let's not exhilarate in the
very ball.
Let's look at it in a different
perspective. It's a wider format now.
It's a turnover game.
And he completely misjudged the pace.
That ball came very late to him and he
was eager to hit it towards the leg side
and just missed it.
in the air
and that will fly for the boundary.
First welcome boundary for ICICL Lombard
team.
Is there a dout to cheer? Make some
noise.
Not sure if there is any dout there.
Nobody making noise. Come on batsman.
Make them make some noise.
Anybody from the prudent to cheer on?
Anybody from the prudent? I see only the
12th man near the home box.
And and [screaming] the first wicket is
gone. Anu has to depart. Here we go with
the first of the final.
Magnificent catch in the fine leg
region. Short fine leg perfectly taken.
in the air. Oh, even that was stuck.
What a magnificent fielding actually in
the covers region. That was short
covers.
Excellent. That's really good feeling.
If that would have been beaten the
fielder, it would have gone for the
boundary. He literally saved some three
runs for the team.
Let's wait and watch what's going to
happen. It will be a big day, big match.
that goes to a select side and the
fielder is tight over there. That is
confidence. That is a guarantee you need
from that fielder. Beautiful.
Prudent. Obviously, we've seen from the
first match, from the first ball, it's
team of the team. Everybody steps in.
Everybody plays to their strength and
team W has lot of talents.
Any situation with the ball or bat, they
can change the game.
Let's wait and watch what's going to
happen.
They're appealing for it. Keeper not
much interested.
Okay. The catch has not been taken
properly. 1.27 for one.
Again that was bit slow delivery got
some edge not any runs
going a bit slow in the
beginning will be slow as I said it's a
10-our match
towards the left side quick single will
be taken.
The discipline that
the team has shown Fudent is just so
excellent
on the field. They've been really good.
Beautiful delivery. Just a beautiful
delivery. Generated some pace.
Last ball of the over
and again misj at the pace. It's coming
very slow. He's probably balling it.
Excellent.
That over just two runs of it.
Two overs completed. 840. 841.
End of two. Team score is 841.
They've scored four per. They've lost a
wicket.
They've not brought Sunny in. That is
that is bit surprising. Some strategy
it's wider format.
Sunny has not been introduced yet.
in the air. in the air and flies over
the head of the fielder at mid wicket.
Just a single.
Quick single again.
One run at it
in the air this time just short of the
fielder and direct hit would have been
some sensation to watch out for.
Yet again, not possible
and towards the offside it goes.
Then the production of that two fielders
in the third man position
in the air. Oh [screaming]
team, we do not expect from
we did not expect this kind of mfields
from you unfortunately.
Beautiful.
Yet again, it's in the air.
Oh, yet again,
the director is somewhere missing out.
The luck is favoring towards ICIC
Lombard team.
End of power play.
Three overs completed. 13 for one.
Your field restrictions are off.
Change of bat
for first three was 1341. Okay. But
still somewhere considering power play.
You could have still pulled up the
score.
Let's see what's going to happen.
Three overs 13 for one
almost like two catches being dropped
and in final while Prudent is playing
it's not even expected Romesh comes into
the attack
and it was in the air and [screaming]
just away to the boundary
for
It's a beautiful strike from Shashi to
get that four runs.
That's good bowling. That's good pace.
Just a quick single and that will go on
until the longer filter.
in the air.
No man's land. One bounce to the fielder
again. Good fielding. Good feeling.
That's good fielding. Just they don't
give any chance for the batsman to think
of the second run.
to select side. Just a single run.
towards the left side. Just a single run
by end of four team score is 21 for one.
Four overs. It is 21 for one. Kamar and
Shashi continuing with the betting and
again Shashi in the balling unit
towards the final region. It goes just a
single
The blood good ballers
towards the left side.
Just a quick single.
Get balling
dirty
in in the air and
one ons to the fielder.
towards the side. Just a single
Not any run over there in the last ball.
Five overs, 25 for run. They're playing
five runs per over. Five overs
completed. 25 for run.
So they'll switch the batsman. Is it a
retired out?
Okay, the batsman is considered retired
out.
Sunny comes in now.
towards the left side. Wide down the leg
side
from here on. It's something to watch
out. Sunny has come out to act.
All eyes on Sunny now. Crudent will be
keen to take that wicket.
Sunny has that plan. What exactly needs
to be done from now on?
was in the air. The longo fielder comes
just a single
in the air backward square like
good fielding. Excellent fielding in the
deep actually. He just was very mindful
that his pace of running was high and he
collected the ball and just threw it to
the left fielder.
Beautiful
Sunny in the strike again.
They will probably settle down for a
single. Yes.
towards the offside. They have that
production over there. Just a single
run.
towards select side in the final region
and that flies away to the boundary.
Florence boundary
Six completed.
Six overs completed. 36 for three. Line
of six over team score is 36 for three.
Ball to ball. They have 36 balls and 36
runs.
in the air
and just one bounce to the fielder.
There was a chance generated, but that
was too short to the fielder
and towards the longer fielder will be
collected safe. Just a single sunny on
strike.
towards the offside. They have the
protection over there and that is not
possible.
Bumped into the fence. That will be a
boundary for it.
This time again shot for the fielder.
Unfortunately
fielder puts all his effort
put a dive as well but not possible.
Good efforts.
That's what you give the team 100%
commitment.
In the air again, the fielder runs
around.
Boundary runs added. Now the runs have
started flowing slowly.
Sunny's pad is doing what it needs to
do.
Seven overs 47 for three.
Much a squareer hip and he has the
prediction over there.
Just a single
fumble over there for a moment.
and it is taken.
Kirish has to depart now
after the long stay in the squeeze has
to depart.
7.2 in two hours and it is 4844.
Can comes into the squeeze.
That's a good delivery.
Romesh doing a second over.
Takes the Fuller towards the longoff.
Should be just a single for sure because
Sunny needs strike
towards the left side. Single run
completed.
And
he just tried for the stomping over
there. That was not possible. Still you
have to collect the ball after the
wicket.
8 was completed. Team 50 is up 50 for4.
Peter was team score as 544
is swirling over in the squeeze itself.
Not any runs.
Beautiful. Beautiful. That's beautiful
pace over there.
He's lofting it towards the offside but
still not able to succeed with it.
Quality balling the
offside. They have the protection over
there. Well, just be a single run.
Excellent.
That was a bounce. First bounce.
Beautiful, darling.
Catches the goal and [screaming] it is
taken.
has to depart.
Taken in the end.
Last ball pending in the over.
in the end. It's put in the gap. It's
put in the gap so beautifully. That
should be four runs. Completely observe
that gap and give that
nine overs 55 for five. Last over in
action
9 was completed.
Last over into the attack. Beautiful
dot.
Starting with a dot.
And he has the production right in place
for that
big single
Boundary Florence.
Last three left. 60 for five.
Excellent filling. Covering the field so
much and getting it
Excellent.
Beautiful delivery.
Last delivery of the first rings from
final we have
6245.
They have to keep running for it. The
first round is completed comfortably
and the direct it wasn't needed actually
into the hands would have just kept them
up and [laughter]
I mean just consider they scored a
boundary over there. Four runs.
Four runs completed.
66 for five. 67 will be the target.
67 runs required in 60 deliveries.
10 overs. 67 runs. Prudent require 67
runs in 10 overs.
I see. I see. I lard.
Thank you.
The finals
ICIC Lumbar versus
a target of 67 runs already. Already
already
67 in 10 overs.
He starts off with a wider
first ball wider.
The scoring begins with an extra
Beautiful
shot.
Odas. Couple of fumbles. Four runs.
Ranjit
playing his go to short. He's so strong.
Spur of the wicket. Four runs
with this. The score moves to five.
Vibrance.
A good ball.
Over number one.
Five runs.
A good
comfortably
over the middle of region for a
boundary. Four more runs
with this. The score goes to nine.
Right now switch it.
Couple of delivers left in this over.
Nine on board.
Sunny,
south,
sunny.
End of
first over the score is nine runs.
Single
with this. The score moves to 10.
That's off the edge.
Oranjit Pish is trying to play his
favorite cut short.
That's the fall of the first wicket.
Copy. Copy.
delivery.
Very well. Bow.
Ra Jari very well bowled.
Sunny doing a great job for ICICI
Lombard
in the air. Will this be taken? Yes, it
is.
Hassan now perishes.
One more gone.
Two wickets.
Over.
Two overs. 10 runs. Two wickets.
Two overs, 10 runs, two wickets.
ICI making a match out of it.
I see I see a Lombard
the two
very good batters back in the pavilion
who had done bulk of the scoring in this
tournament back in the hut.
Bolog. Gisha,
southern Greece
in the air.
Oh, that's a very good try.
But four runs. Say just slipping at the
last moment.
Four runs.
As you see, it's the go-to area
for south. has done bulk of the scoring
exactly in this region from the fine leg
to the square leg.
That's his go to area
as I told you that's his area. One more
boundary.
He's way too strong in this region.
Couple of boundaries.
Extraordinarily good batting. This is
from south.
Couple of boundaries.
Very good fielding. Say
saving three runs for this team here.
Did a lot of ground coverage. Score
moves to 19.
Reading is softer, sensible batting.
Already a couple of boundaries in this
over. So they're taking the singles.
Score moves to 20. Over number three in
progress. 20 for two.
Couple of deliveries left in this over
20 rounds.
Another single
21.
A great shot
piercing the cover region. Four more
runs.
making use of the full tosser.
Four more runs. With this, the score
moves to
25.
Three hours of power play comes to an
end here. Three overs, 25 runs.
Over
number four, Schubam comes into the
attack.
They need to get in some decent overs to
make a match out of it.
Currently, it's 42 42. 42 balls, 42
runs, six per over.
42 balls, 42 runs.
One more.
26.
Another
good shot.
Oh, is completely lost at four runs.
Four runs.
13.
in the air.
Will this travel? Yes, it does.
Clearing the boundary with ease. A very
good hit straight over the bowler's head
and to the side screen for a six.
Ajit no coming in action.
Oh, this team has a long batting lineup
in the air. Will this be taken? Three
fielders. Oh, falling short of all three
fielders there.
The luck towards the batter.
Ajit 16 of six.
One more of this over 37 already.
A swing on a miss and four overs, 37
runs.
Six over 30 required.
A pull fle region
as a slow outfielder. Couple more runs.
Two more runs.
39 runs.
Another
hit.
Oh, that's over the fad
wong region for another boundary.
Now Ajut putting up a show here.
22 runs in the finals.
or such a deep batting line of this
team.
I told you from day one they were the
team to beat.
Another full ball. This should travel
the distance. Yes, it does. A full
Monty. Six runs.
Ajit on 28 of nine.
What good batting this is 49 runs
18 required.
Another swing. I think he's UH OH,
THAT'S A BIG ONE. That's clear the
boundary by huge distance. What a hit
this is with the six. They bring up the
50 55 onward. What a hit this is. Oh,
that's a big big hit.
Finally a single
50 600
now. S in action. Couple more runs
and of
five overs the score was 58
required nine runs in five overs.
What a dominating performance this is
from Penta.
Excellent all round performance. They
still are on the ground.
The fielding has been topnotch.
They bow really well and they have a
very deep batting lineup.
Sayan.
Is that a boundary?
Yes, it is. Four more.
Four more runs.
The score moves on to 62 now.
Five more runs required.
A very good fielding
now it away just runs required.
Ajit what a performance this is in the
finals 40 of just 13 deliveries.
Four more runs required.
Oh, S picks up a wicket. Oh, that's some
celebration there.
63 for three.
Four more runs.
One hit away.
Heart.
Oh, what a shot this is. Oh, is it
clear? Yes, it is. What a hit from
Karthik.
Oh, great shot to finish the innings
with this
are the champions of ICIC Lumbard
Brokers Premier League 2025.
Champions.
Guys,
guys. READY NOW.
READY NOW. [screaming]
READY.
>> OKAY.
OKAY.
HELLO.
CHECK.
[screaming]
HELLO.
>> [screaming]
>> Hey champ.
[screaming]
Who are we? Who are we?
WHO ARE WE? [screaming]
WHO ARE WE? WHO ARE WE? [screaming]
ARE YOU READY?
>> [screaming]
>> SPORTITY.
SPORTITY.
[screaming]
Thank you guys. Thank you all. Thank you
Lumber team for organizing this most uh
victorious
and dangerous tournament.
Play some music. Play some music.
[music]
>> [music]
>> What is that?
>> Got it.
[music]
>> [music]
>> All right guys, now let's begin the
ceremony. I would like everybody to have
an attention towards the stage please.
Uh may I invite Sunonny, Abdul, Gorav,
Sy, Tubu on the stage and Sashi as well.
May I request Sunonny to have a few
words on this please?
I speak in the end.
All right.
The man of the match the all important
final is none other than Foresta.
Explosive batting. 40 runs not out. 13
balls, four boundaries and three sixes.
None other than Ajit from
what a good batting. It was a complete
one-man show in the finals. Brilliant
batting.
The player of the tournament for his all
round performance both with the bat and
the ball. It goes to promote from basket
option.
[cheering]
Ron show had
he was a star for the team both with the
part on the ball 18.338
points he is three points ahead from his
next player what a great show from
promote man of the series of ICIC
Lombard brokers premier league 2025 for
his all round performance please put
your hands together for promote
Guys, congrats. My request student team
is please do not hire permod for next
year. Huh? Because then there will be no
competition left. I know it's highly
highly possible huh but but right now I
would like to congratulate
basketball but all the play
I think it was our first season we have
been doing this in Delhi and Mumbai
this is the third season but uh few
months back I was pushing Abdul to head
south for us so Abdul is completely
noninterested in cricket
so that is the Then we took 3 years to
come to Bangalore. I have been pushing
him. I have been pushing him from last
three years that let us organize it in
Bangalore. But this time and all these
people took initiative and I'm really
glad and I'm really happy to see the
level of
level of competencies. It was amazing. I
think lot of matches we saw which were
nearby amazing matches and the student
from ball one was looking like a clear
winner but but surprisingly there were
lot of other we thought could upset
student including Latad
but but I really want to congratulate
now I would like to call on stage pass
they are the runners up for the
tournament guys
>> [cheering]
>> First of all, thank you ICI Lombard for
organizing this tournament and I thank
the entire Pasc team. Each one of us
contributed including Sanchit himself.
He was there. He had to catch a flight
but he was still there at the ground.
He's watching each and every ball. He
was at watching it with his family. He
was constantly calling Abhishek you know
bull like this bat like this. It was
amazing. Great dedication by the team.
It was tough that we did not win the
trophy but we had the runners up. Good
game especially Moan Daniel all these
player have contributed really well.
Thank you Abhishek for shouting.
Har has been constantly on the team.
Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thank
you. I say I say thank you. Thank you.
>> So uh before we call the winning team on
the stage, let me tell you their victory
is not a fluke. It is not only in
Bangalore. They have won tournaments in
other cities also for us and I believe
it has a lot to do with the culture they
have internally. I think
there is a lot of focus on employee
engagement and uh they do their own
leagues also. Okay. They have a huge
pool out of six seven teams. They bring
the best players to the league.
Lot of other people don't have that
luxury but you can't blame them. But
anyways, I must congratulate student now
and I request the winning team to please
come on the stage. Guys, let's hear for
ma'am.
guys. Please give space to the host
also.
Wait, wait, wait. Before we hand over
the trophy, I would request you guys to
say a few words. Who would like to take
the mic? Okay,
I could only come this afternoon.
Congratulations to IC for conducting
such a wonderful event in Bangalore and
we hope it'll become an annual event and
congratulations to all the teams who
participated all the winner all our
winners whoever participates is the
winner. So my congratulations to all of
you. Thank you ICICI and uh I think we
tr we won truly.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely
ma'am. Absolutely. You were a let me
admit you were a five times better team
than us. Let me admit that. But I want
someone from the team also to play fewer
people who played anybody. Anybody hoj
our mentor.
Hi uh good evening everyone. First of
for a big congratulations to ICIC
Lombard. I think this was executed to
the perfection. If there would have been
a definition of perfection, this
execution stands there. Right from all
the arrangements from ground to the uh
you know even to the gathering to the
places for the uh for the players to sit
out to relax to rejuvenate themselves it
was executed to the perfection. There
can't be a better tournament like this.
Second the way they these guys were able
to get 16 team to participate in one
tournament. Amazing. I think that's
first of all that you know something
like this would have have happened in
the industry and I really hope ICIC
carried this forward like so
let me give you all aure assurance that
this is going to be a annual league now
this is going to happen every year and
now I am sure that you another play
another team will have one year to
practice
and now next time you might have a tough
time to defend your title
Now, may I invite Sunonny and Abdul on
stage to present the trophy, please?
Music. Music.
Champions are
Check.
Okay, everyone. Uh the dinner is ready.
Uh you all can have dinner, please. I
request everyone to have dinner before.
All team
All teams, dinner is ready. Please have
dinner and go.
Check
everyone please have dinner. Dinner is
on.
Okay. Music low volume please.